hi my name is Neil strata and this is my
wife Phyllis daughter also known as big
nest and mrs. mr. big mrs. barbecue
barbecue is barbecue establishment not
to be confused with a food truck we do
not have a food truck quit call and ask
me that we've been with farmers market
since 2000 names you Century City
Torrance downtown LA in Atwater Village
we also cater we birthdays weddings
anniversaries divorces if there's a
celebration will cater for it okay all
barbecue is all about the sauce no it's
not barbecue is about the meat we do
brisket smoked turkey ribs honey where
the the ridge is sweat that's a good
then that's how we serve them you do our
briskets and butts and pastrami is
overnight it's a long process it chemo
it's a penis you really have to learn
how to appreciate what you're doing for
us it's a love thing it's like art and
you can create something that's juicy an
anxious anxious anxious I like that
we're anxious it's an amazing thing it's
a creation
it started off what up it's a bunch of
hooey that's what it started out there I
got the barbecue bug and we'll start
doing competitions practicing all day I
wonder how many times do you have to
practice to cook a piece of chicken and
to compete costs a lot of money
Missy this you got to stop taking money
out the joint account to do these
competitions it's kind of expensive she
was cutting into my shoe money so he had
to start selling some do this to me you
start a catering told him to my job we
saw her job and anybody else's company
we could find I said sweetie you think
you want to do this for a living what
the hell I asked that for ends up
quitting a job because we just took off
that quickly
the first brisket I cooked you only
remember that first are you doing I'm
left without I got on the internet and I
found this site called barbecue brethren
the guys there they taught me all these
different techniques of call my house at
1:00 and 2:00 in the morning your
brisket ready did you go check it down a
night and I'll cook it a great brisket
I've been doing it ever since you love
my customers we really do I mean we have
a good time with them and when one of us
is not here okay where's mrs. missus I
like her I don't like you
they do like me better than you coming
to big messages you'll probably get a
show if you stand around and watch us
long enough we don't want people to ever
feel like you know we're just out here
selling food if we're quiet it's cuz we
don't like and having fun this vide you
are now my family barbecue in the crazy
house that's all that's what it seems
like people who love them so we keep
making it
you